Hello boss
Ye Wushuang's master, I have controlled it
But the old man of the Duan family didn't wait for me to do it
He has already jumped off the building.
He is still useful
Ok, don't worry.
I already have a way
This time with eyes on arms
Siyao
How much do you know about the four major families?
I heard that the four major families are particularly mysterious
When I was a kid, I just listened to my grandfather's reminder
It is said that no one on the south floor has seen them yet
In one day
My master is missing
Mr. Duan jumped off the building
Just like my gentleman
If my hunch is correct
I'm afraid something big will happen in the next two days.
Beaten that night
The scorpion that animated all three of them
I haven't gone out yet.
Are you in danger?
Dangerous if my background
If it really threatens the four major families
Then of course I will be in danger
What to do then?
Danger is fine
Because only so
To let them show their feet